Update local ssh troubleshooting (#4001)
gitpod-io/website: src/content/docs/references/ides-and-editors/vscode.md

## Troubleshooting

> If you are having issues connecting to VS Code Desktop from Gitpod, try:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are having issues connecting to VS Code Desktop from Gitpod, try to:
```

1. Ensure both your VS Code Desktop application and Gitpod VS Code Desktop extension are up-to-date.
2. Determine [your current connection method to Gitpod](/docs/references/ides-and-editors/vscode#how-do-i-know-how-im-connecting-to-vs-code-desktop).

> 3. If you're not using the **recommended** mode, [switch to it](/docs/references/ides-and-editors/vscode#connecting-to-vs-code-desktop). If you can't switch, consult the [legacy docs](/docs/references/ides-and-editors/legacy-vscode-connections#troubleshooting).
> 4. If you're already using the **recommended** mode, [export the logs](/docs/help/troubleshooting#gitpod-logs-in-vs-code-browser-and-desktop) from the failed to connect window and [email us](mailto:contact@gitpod.io).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. [Switch to the recomennded mode](/docs/references/ides-and-editors/vscode#connecting-to-vs-code-desktop), if you aren't using it. If you can't switch, consult the [legacy docs](/docs/references/ides-and-editors/legacy-vscode-connections#troubleshooting).
4. [Export the logs](/docs/help/troubleshooting#gitpod-logs-in-vs-code-browser-and-desktop) from the failed to connect window and [email us](mailto:contact@gitpod.io) if you're already using the **recommended** mode.
```

Reviewer 2: I think it reads better as before with conditional logic:
- not recommended to that
- recommended do that

1. Check if your VS Code Desktop application and Gitpod VS Code Desktop extension version are all using the latest version.

> 2. Identify [which method you're using to connect to Gitpod](/docs/references/ides-and-editors/vscode#how-do-i-know-how-im-connecting-to-vs-code-desktop), if it's `SSH Gateway` or `Local Companion` see their troubleshooting [here](/docs/references/ides-and-editors/legacy-vscode-connections#troubleshooting)

Reviewer 2: We should rewrite it completely SSH Gateway or Local Companion should be rather considered legacy.

> 3. If it's Local SSH:

Reviewer 2: We should not surface Local SSH in user docs, proxy is internal. @loujaybee Maybe you know how to word it better.

Reviewer 2: It should be more like enable SSH connection debug logging.
